Add GWR mention to landing page (#26)
microsoft/AI_Agents_Hackathon: docs/index.md

> Don't miss out — join us and start building the future of AI! 🔥

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Want to supercharge your AI skills even more? [Join us on April 8th](https://aka.ms/aiskillsfest) in an attempt at a GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS™ title for "most users to take an online multi-level AI lesson" in 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For even more AI learning opportunities, [join us on April 8th](https://aka.ms/aiskillsfest) in an attempt at a GUINNESS WORLD RECORDS™ title for "most users to take an online multi-level AI lesson" in 24 hours.
```
